Fix URLs that should point to xmlschema-2 (#368)
admin-shell-io/aas-specs: documentation/IDTA-01001/modules/ROOT/pages/Spec/IDTA-01001_Metamodel_DataTypes.adoc

|===
|Source |Basic Data Type |Value Range |Sample Values

|xsd |https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#string[string] |Character string (but not all Unicode character strings) |"Hello world", "Καλημέρα κόσμε", +
"ハローワールド""

|xsd |https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#base64Binary[base64Binary] |base64-encoded binary data |"a3Vtb3dhc2hlcmU="

|xsd |https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#boolean[boolean] |true, false |true, false

> |xsd |https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#anyURI[anyUri] | "[anyURI supports a] wide range of internationalized resource identifiers can be specified when an anyURI is called for, and still be understood as URIs per https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC3986[RFC 3986] and its successor(s)." 

Reviewer: https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC3986[RFC 3986]
should be changed to:
https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC2396[RFC2396]

Author: Done

> |xsd |https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#anyURI[anyUri] | "[anyURI supports a] wide range of internationalized resource identifiers can be specified when an anyURI is called for, and still be understood as URIs per https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC3986[RFC 3986] and its successor(s)." 

Author: ```suggestion
|xsd |https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#anyURI[anyUri] | "[anyURI supports a] wide range of internationalized resource identifiers can be specified when an anyURI is called for, and still be understood as URIs per https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC2396[RFC 2396] and its successor(s)." 
```

> |xsd |https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#anyURI[anyUri] | "[anyURI supports a] wide range of internationalized resource identifiers can be specified when an anyURI is called for, and still be understood as URIs per https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC3986[RFC 3986] and its successor(s)." 

Author: ```suggestion
|xsd |https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#anyURI[anyUri] | "[anyURI supports a] wide range of internationalized resource identifiers can be specified when an anyURI is called for, and still be understood as URIs per https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC2396[RFC 2396] and its successor(s)." 
```

====

> "[anyURI supports a] wide range of internationalized resource identifiers can be specified when an anyURI is called for, and still be understood as URIs per https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC3986[RFC 3986] and its successor(s)." 

Reviewer: https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC3986[RFC 3986]
should be changed to:
https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC2396[RFC2396]
(see revised decision in https://github.com/admin-shell-io/aas-specs/issues/299)

Author: Done

> "[anyURI supports a] wide range of internationalized resource identifiers can be specified when an anyURI is called for, and still be understood as URIs per https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC3986[RFC 3986] and its successor(s)." 

Author: ```suggestion
"[anyURI supports a] wide range of internationalized resource identifiers can be specified when an anyURI is called for, and still be understood as URIs per https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC2396[RFC 2396] and its successor(s)." 
```

> "[anyURI supports a] wide range of internationalized resource identifiers can be specified when an anyURI is called for, and still be understood as URIs per https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC3986[RFC 3986] and its successor(s)." 

Author: ```suggestion
"[anyURI supports a] wide range of internationalized resource identifiers can be specified when an anyURI is called for, and still be understood as URIs per https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#RFC2396[RFC 2396] and its successor(s)." 
```

> Source: https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#anyURI[W3C XML Schema Definition Language (XSD) 1.1 Part 2: Datatypes]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Source: https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#anyURI[W3C XML Schema Definition Language (XSD) 1.1 Part 2: Datatypes]
```
```suggestion
Source: https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/#anyURI[W3C XML Schema Definition Language (XSD) 1.0 Part 2: Datatypes]
```
